Senate Clears Last Major Hurdle to Raising Debt Ceiling

Analysis: The divide over the debt limit showed how narrow the wing of pragmatic Republicans has become.

Omicron Wave Heads for U.K., but It’s Not Clear How Bad It’ll Be

The National Guard has been asked to help staff hospitals in at least four states. Catch up on Covid-19 news.

Some countries have used nearly all of the Covid vaccine doses available to them. Others have struggled to distribute shots.

Appeals Court Rejects Trump’s Bid to Shield Material From Jan. 6 Inquiry

The New York State attorney general is seeking to question former President Trump under oath in a fraud investigation.

Jussie Smollett Found Guilty of Reporting a Fake Hate Crime

How Nursing Homes’ Worst Offenses Are Hidden From the Public

Mexico Migrant Truck Crash Leaves More Than 50 People Dead

Where the Despairing Log On, and Learn Ways to Die

Starbucks Workers at Buffalo Store Unionize in Big Win for Labor

Price gains, sharply rising for months, are now broadening, putting Washington policymakers on red alert.

New York City Grants Noncitizens the Right to Vote in Local Elections

Birds Aren’t Real — or Are They? Inside a Gen Z Conspiracy Theory.

How Do You Tell the World That Doomsday Has Arrived?

A phone for a dog to call its owner appeared promising. Turns out, the calls were probably mistakes.

“And Just Like That,” the “Sex and the City” reboot, is at times good but also painful, our critic writes.

How Is the U.S. Economy Doing?

‘Improvise It, Man.’ How to Make Magic Like the Beatles.

For the Elderly, Complacency Could Be a Killer

Don’t Let ‘Treeson’ Drive You Out of New York City

What We Still Hold Onto as Our Memories Fade

What Do You Say to the Sufferer?

I Play Video Games With My 4-Year-Old, and That’s OK

We Need Less Talk and More Action From Congress on Tech

Democrats’ Dangerous Appetite for Eating Their Own

Why the Biden Presidency Feels Like Such a Disappointment

Al Hirschfeld Drew Stephen Sondheim So Perfectly

Biden Is Selling Democracy Short

Courts Shouldn’t Let Social Media Companies Co-opt the First Amendment

I’m Furious at the Unvaccinated

The Sublime Spectacle of Yoko Ono Disrupting the Beatles

District Investigates Claims of Longtime Sexual Misconduct by Teachers

A Penny for Your Squats?

Fox News Christmas Tree Is Set on Fire in Manhattan

Just in Time for Christmas: Knitwear Fit for a T. Rex

Your Thursday Evening Briefing

Listen to ‘The Book Review Podcast’

Listen to ‘The Daily’

海外华人札记：两届北京奥运会为何“冰火两重天”

Ukraine Commanders Say a Russian Invasion Would Overwhelm Them

Letitia James Drops Out of New York Governor’s Race

Biden Rallies Global Democracies as U.S. Hits a ‘Rough Patch’

The Smaller, Everyday Deals for College Athletes Under New Rules

Citizen Enforcement of Abortion Law Violates Texas Constitution, Judge Rules

Met Museum Removes Sackler Name From Wing Over Opioid Ties

Columbus Reaches $5.75 Million Settlement Agreement With Protesters

In Michigan School Shooting, the First Lawsuit Is Filed

Taiwan Loses Nicaragua as Ally as Tensions With China Rise

Barry Harris, Pianist and Devoted Scholar of Bebop, Dies at 91

U.S. Announces End to Combat Mission in Iraq, but Troops Will Remain

William Hartmann, Michigan Official Who Disputed Election, Dies at 63

A Penny for Your Squats?

The Health Toll of Poor Sleep

The Quiet Brain of the Athlete

These Women Are Taking a Cold Plunge for a Mental Boost

Why I Prefer a Wintry Run

The Year on the Red Carpet

A Designer Who Lives With ‘Pickled’ Balloons and a Jellyfish Lamp

‘Red Rocket’ Review: All My XXX’s Live in Texas

Kim Abeles Turns the Climate Crisis Into Eco-art

Five Holiday Movies to Stream

Maple-Pecan Sticky Buns

Italian Rainbow Cookies

Aloo Anday (Potatoes and Scrambled Eggs)

Garlic Braised Short Ribs With Red Wine

Everyday Pancakes

We’ve Tested Dozens of Towels. One Remains Our Favorite.

Great Gifts for Coworkers

Is an iPad Stylus Right for You?

Watering Cans We Love

Spelling Bee

The Crossword

Letter Boxed

Tiles

Vertex

